Makes openvex action manual trigger only (#1475)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/NEW_RELEASE.md

      `git push $VERSION`
  - Triggers prow to build and publish a staging container image
      `gcr.io/k8s-staging-kueue/kueue:$VERSION`
- [ ] Submit a PR against [k8s.io](https://github.com/kubernetes/k8s.io),
      updating `k8s.gcr.io/images/k8s-staging-kueue/images.yaml` to
      [promote the container images](https://github.com/kubernetes/k8s.io/tree/main/k8s.gcr.io#image-promoter)
      to production: <!-- example kubernetes/k8s.io#3612-->
- [ ] Wait for the PR to be merged and verify that the image `registry.k8s.io/kueue/kueue:$VERSION` is available.
- [ ] Publish the draft release prepared at the [Github releases page](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/releases).
      Link: <!-- example https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/releases/tag/v0.1.0 -->

> - [ ] Run the [openvex action](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/actions/workflows/openvex.yaml) to generate openvex data and add it to the release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Run the [openvex action](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/actions/workflows/openvex.yaml) to generate openvex data. The action will add the file to the release artifacts.
```
?
